Five more Apex-tied businesses found at non-operational building
Skip to content
News
Livestream
Weather
Aging Untold
Sports
Obituaries
Community
News 4 Now
Contact Us
Submit a Photo
KTIV | Siouxland's News Source | Sioux City, IA
News
Iowa News
Nebraska News
South Dakota News
Aging Untold
We the People
KTIV Daily Headlines
Obituaries
Des Moines Bureau
Decision 2026
Inside Iowa Politics
National News
Health
Prevention 101
Crime in Siouxland
Weather
Interactive Radar
Map Room
KTIV Camera Network
Weather Service Alerts
Closings
Road Conditions
First Alert Weather App
Science Academy
Dog Walk Forecast
Weather Toolbox
Weather Talk Wednesday
Sports
How to watch the Iowa State Baseball Tournaments
Iowa Sports
Nebraska Sports
South Dakota Sports
Explorers Schedule
Cardinals Schedule
Royals Schedule
Twins Schedule
Obituaries
Watch
TV Listings
Watch Live
Cedar Rapids Baseball Tournament
4.1 NBC
4.2 Siouxland CW
4.3 MeTV Siouxland
4.4 Court TV
4.5 Ion TV
Community
Around Siouxland
Contests
Community Poll
Grillin with News 4
Student of the Month
Siouxland Business Spotlight
Submit Photos & Videos
Contact Us
Meet the News Team
Meet the Production Team
Meet the Sales Team
Get the new KTIV News App
Get the KTIV Weather App
Submit your photos or video
Sign up for KTIV Newsletters
How to submit 4 on 4 photos
KTIV Careers
KTIV Internships
Gray TV Careers
KTIV History
Advertise with Us
NextGen TV
Local News Live
InvestigateTV
Watching Your Wallet
PowerNation
Circle Country
Digital Marketing
Gray AI Policy
Five more Apex-tied businesses found at non-operational building
By
Kaylie Dahms
Published
:
Sep. 24, 2026 at 7:27 PM CDT
|
Updated
:
16 hours ago
Share
Add Us On Google
Add as a preferred source on Google
SIOUX CITY (KTIV) - Apex Waste Management LLC was registered in South Dakota on Dec. 4, 2025, according to the South Dakota Secretary of State, less than a year before
federal agents raided the business Wednesday.
The raid took place at 503 Prosperity Way in North Sioux City. Riley Isaacson is president of Apex Waste Management and Apex Research. His twin brother, Ryan Isaacson, owns a home in the Dakota Dunes neighborhood that was also searched Wednesday. A large federal law enforcement presence remained at both properties for most of the day.
Additional businesses found at second address
A review of businesses tied to the Isaacson name found five additional companies listing an address at a different Prosperity Way address. That being 498 Prosperity Way, near the building raided Wednesday.
Those businesses are:
Apex HC, LLC, issued Sept. 15, 2026, organizer Ryan Isaacson
ApexTH&I, LLC, issued Sept. 9, 2026, organizer Ryan Isaacson
Apex Health Club Holdings, LLC, issued Aug. 26, 2026, organizers Riley Isaacson and Jared Miller
ApexRx Holdings, LLC, issued April 20, 2026, organizer Ryan Isaacson
Apex Health Club, LLC, issued Aug. 25, 2026, organizers Riley Isaacson and Jared Miller
The building at 498 Prosperity Way does not appear to be operational. Construction is still underway, and the building does not yet have a garage door.
Isaacson twin declines comment
One of the Isaacson twins was seen at the property Thursday morning carrying a suitcase and a duffel bag. Asked directly why the properties were raided, he said, “No comment.”
Delivery driver describes difficulty reaching business
Before Isaacson arrived, a delivery driver tried to make a delivery after leaving multiple voicemails at the number he was given. The driver also knocked on every door at the warehouse. He was eventually able to complete the delivery when one of the Isaacson brothers arrived.
Calls placed to several phone numbers associated with the various Apex businesses were not answered. Operations do not appear to be running as usual.
Wednesday’s raid
Around 10 a.m. Wednesday, more than a dozen marked and unmarked law enforcement vehicles were seen outside the building at 503 Prosperity Way. Agencies responding included the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, which is leading the investigation, along with the FBI, IRS Criminal Investigation, the Union County Sheriff’s Office and North Sioux City Police. Several boxes were visible near the front entrance as agents worked at the property.
The U.S. Postal Inspection Service agents on scene were based out of Minneapolis, Minnesota. The FBI agents were from the Omaha, Nebraska, and Minneapolis offices.
Investigators collect evidence
By 10:30 a.m., investigators began bringing equipment into the building, including an industrial clipper, evidence bags, totes and other materials commonly used to collect and secure evidence. They also brought in a U-Haul trailer to load evidence into.
Around Noon, a UPS driver arrived at the business to try to deliver packages. Federal agents met him and told him to pull behind the building, where they unloaded the delivery straight into their U-Haul.
As the operation continued at 1 p.m., investigators from every agency began loading the U-Haul. Authorities have not released details about what was taken. A KTIV crew on scene saw papers and boxes, and one tote full of small, packaged items.
Investigators cleared the scene shortly after 4 p.m.
Dakota Dunes home searched
A house in the Dakota Dunes neighborhood was also searched Wednesday morning. Union County property records indicate the home, at 661 Prairie Boulevard, is owned by Ryan Isaacson, the twin brother of Riley Isaacson, president of Apex Waste Management and Apex Research in North Sioux City.
Agents closed the home’s garage door after KTIV cameras arrived. Five agents with the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, out of Minneapolis, removed multiple bags and boxes and loaded them into their cars. They also went through boxes in the garage.
The search at the home began at about 9 a.m., at the same time as the search at Apex Waste Management. Officials left the scene shortly before noon.
Customer turned away during search
During the search of the business, a KTIV crew encountered a customer who was trying to pick up an order of sweatshirts. He was turned away and told no one could go inside. The customer asked when he could get his order, and a federal agent said they did not know a timeline.
Businesses associated with North Sioux City property
The South Dakota Secretary of State’s business information website led KTIV to the businesses connected to the property. Several LLCs are affiliated with the property, with business owners Jared Miller and Riley Isaacson, according to LLC filing documents.
The businesses listed at 503 Prosperity Way are:
Apex Outdoor Pros
Apex Rx
Apex Assure
Apex Cosmetics
Two other businesses the community may be familiar with are Apex Peptides and Apex Threadhaus and Ink.
Sergeant Bluff connection
Three more businesses are affiliated with Miller and Isaacson. Those businesses, Apex Peptides, Apex Waste Management and Apex Research, listed their primary address as Sergeant Bluff, Iowa. The businesses share a building with another, unrelated tenant at 617 1st Street.
Want to get the latest news and weather from Siouxland’s News Source? Follow these links to download our
KTIV News app
and our
First Alert Weather app
.
Copyright 2026 KTIV. All rights reserved.
Most Read
U.S. Postal Inspection Service raids North Sioux City business, Dakota Dunes home
Federal investigation breaks up alleged meth trafficking ring in central Iowa
Bodies of teacher, 5th grade student recovered after school field trip to lake
Police K-9 shot, killed on last shift before retirement during deadly officer-involved shooting
New blood test can detect more than 50 types of cancer. Here’s what to know
Siouxland non-profit opens third location offering free clinical care, parenting classes, and community-stocked baby boutique
Clay County Fair attendance dips 10% due to wet weather, but economic impact remains strong
Latest News
Nebraska governor announces infrastructure investment for Norfolk
Bishop Heelan canceling Friday’s Homecoming Parade
Watch: Nebraska governor announces infrastructure investment for Norfolk
Western Christian v Sioux Falls Christian VB
SC North v Des Moines Lincoln
Wayne State v Augustana VB
Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services prepares to launch TANF pilot program in October
Bishop Heelan v SC East VB
KTIV | Siouxland's News Source | Sioux City, IA
News
Weather
Sports
KTIV
2929 Signal Hill Drive
Sioux City, IA 51108
(712) 239-4100
Public Inspection File
Public File Help
FCC Applications
Closed Captioning/Audio Description
EEO Report
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Digital Marketing
Cookie Settings
Click here
to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2026